To create a backend for your Angular application using Angular itself and store user information using JSON Server, and then test the API endpoints using Postman, you can follow these step-by-step instructions:

Set up the Angular Project:

Install the Angular CLI by running the following command in your terminal:
bash
Copy code
npm install -g @angular/cli
Create a new Angular project by running the following command:
arduino
Copy code
ng new your-project-name
Navigate into your project's directory:
bash
Copy code
cd your-project-name
Create the User Model:

Create a user.model.ts file in the src/app/models directory.
Define the user model with the necessary properties (e.g., email, password, etc.) in the user.model.ts file.
Create the Authentication Service:

Create an auth.service.ts file in the src/app/services directory.
Implement the necessary methods for user registration, login, and logout using the HttpClient module from @angular/common/http.
In the registration and login methods, make HTTP requests to the JSON Server API endpoints.
Set up JSON Server:

Install JSON Server globally by running the following command:
Copy code
npm install -g json-server
Create a db.json file in your project's root directory.
Define the necessary endpoints for user registration and login in the db.json file.
Implement Authentication and Authorization in Angular:

Create the necessary components and forms for user registration and login.
Utilize the AuthService methods within the components to handle user registration, login, and logout functionality.
Implement guards and interceptors to handle authentication and authorization for protecting routes and making 
authenticated requests.
Test API Endpoints using Postman:

Install Postman from the official website (https://www.postman.com/downloads/).
Start the JSON Server by running the following command in your project's root directory:
css
Copy code
json-server --watch db.json
Use Postman to send requests to the API endpoints for user registration, login, and any other relevant endpoints.
Remember to modify and customize the code according to your specific requirements, such as adding validation, 
error handling, and any additional functionality you may need.

These steps provide a general guide to implementing authentication and authorization in an Angular application 
using JSON Server and testing the API endpoints using Postman. Further customization and details would depend 
on your specific implementation and requirements.